hello YouTube um name is trell Evander's
here with another one of you but I've
been doing these pretty rapidly because
I've that I got that time on display
I've got a bunch of wands to review but
this is professor Severus Snape as you
can see previous day's want black sleeve
and this is I just don't understand this
I mean it's presser snape snape and a
bright orange box what that doesn't even
suit him at all but oh well I wish I was
in a flash thinking it yeah so here's
the one it's a pretty short one actually
not the shortest but it's pretty short
like the handles are short I hear these
like it's all black very very dark black
and yeah so this is juana killed
dumbledore yeah some starts here kind of
like wait like she's like rounded not
rounded like it's a circle and then it
goes in a little bit we've got a shaft
is very straight wand and this handle
isn't like a isn't isn't rounded it's
like see the longer that way and then
this way it's thinner so yeah that comes
up and then there's all these like cool
designs in it did they mean anything
there's designs and a ring in the middle
and then more designs is the same design
on on that that that and that it's all
the same and then like a ring and just
jet black all the way down to the very
end right there and it's kind of just
like cut well it's not that bad some are
worse than that this is not that bad
actually and then I try my Warner
Brothers gold like Ginny's just sticks
out but you just hold it down like that
when you're like holding it
yeah I really like this one it feels
really good in the hand like doesn't it
just looks like regular put oh I like it
so yeah um that's pretty much it so I
will see you in the next video bye